can add to them the snow was the mainz this here is the desktop deny the
homicide of the mega web it has two great highlights it comes with a new
intel processor with the crown and band and also has free attendant stop
with windows server this computer comes with a chip and simpler seriously
modello 750
who have frequent dictators comma six directors
it comes accompanied by memory of four gigabytes master of br 3 of 1333
mega networks
and the hard disk has 500 templates
in the tests that we did here in infolab the mc in progress and arrested them
even put up machines when it occurs to sag
the pc mark vantage for example he pointed out that 7 thousand in 33 points while
a competitor of adele with corals be né
has 5 thousand and 500 points
now he did well even in video tests
norbert mark of the game karlovic ores for example he made 23 comma four
frames per second is largely responsible for this is the
video the web and the region 4 half 7 0 that has with the dedicated memory jig
for video
they spend the whistle the finish of the fashion that is the black piano that here that
leave the whole machine full of fingerprints
only that the booths stand out even though it is very compact and even so it
still leaves enough reid tip space you can put two more
memories of two days each totaling 8 gigs
and can also put four more hard drives created an optical drive
the big problem is that this source here is 400 watts so if you put
plus a hd on a more powerful video card for example the machine will not
enduring in the connectivity part is cynical human very well he has ouse
usb ports being three here at the front and has two fairway some here in the front
very close to card readers
the accessories that come along with the sedesc top and are very good
venci microsoft key that have the exposed keys here in curves
there is also this evil if it is very simple
he is the tico he also has yarn
and see these speakers that are the only complaint we have
although they are at a very high level, they are very distorting in any
time
the deny the mini 5 is already on sale in stores for 3459 reais